Background on EEG Data:
EEG data is collected via electrodes place on different positions on the scalp that measure the electrical activity
in each position. The data from each electrode is concatenated into a "channel" whose data points represent voltage 
of the electrode (before preprocessing).

Since all data is collected form the muse it will have 4 channels, two ear references and two electrodes at FP 1 and 2
(which is across the center of the forehead) if there are any besides these, it is extranious and will not be meaningful.

In order to parse the data, there are markers scattered thoughout the data that denote when certain events happen.
For this muse data, we arbitrarily chose 149 and 151 to denote the when the period of interest starts for the two 
classes respectively. The user will then be in a certain brian state after this period for an amount of time dependent
on the type of experiment run. 

Additionally, due to the limitations of the muse and programs we are using, we need to properly sync of the data and
event markers using a photodiode that produces a spike in the data. You do not need to worry about this since it has
been done ahead of time, but notice that there are event markers 100 and 200 to denote the start and end of the 
experiment. At those times there will be a large spike in the data on one channel, so just ignore that it is not
a part of the actual data. If you have any questions on the this, feel free to email Nick or Sam.


All data will come in the form of a matlab struct containing all the data and some key fields:
                pnts: Number of Data Points
               srate: Sampling rate of the data a.k.a. number of points per second
               times: timestamps associated with each data point
                data: the data at each timestamp separated by EEG channel (only 4 of the muse's 6 channel are meaningful)
            chanlocs: locations of channel
               event: list of events associated with the data and correstponding latencies (measured in indices not time stamps)
              stamps: time stamps associated with data points (should just be times but in a different scale)